# Final-Frontier
Game RPG
Space, a final frontier...



Class M Planet: the only category considered habitable, these are planets that have at least 50% of the territory covered by water, at least 20% of forests and vegetation areas and no hostile species considered too dangerous for living on the planet.

Hostile Planet: has at least one hostile species considered too dangerous to live on the planet.

Aquatic Planet: has 85% of the surface covered with water.

Desert Planet: has 60% of the surface covered in desert areas.

Wild Planet: 65% of its surface is covered by woodland and forest areas.

Inhospitable Planet: it does not have a minimum amount of resources to become habitable, nor to be classified as one of the previous planets.

The scanner image maps the planet's surface as a matrix of size N by M, where N indicates the number of rows, and M the number of columns. The image generated by the scanner is made up of N x M symbols, according to the list below.

~ (accent until): represents water

X (letter xis in charge): represents hostile species

^(caret):represents desert areas

* (asterisk): represents vegetation areas

.(period): represents soil without natural resources

Your program must read two integer values ​​from the input, the N and M dimensions of the map, followed by NxM symbols representing the planet's surface. The output of your program should be the classification of that planet according to the types described above. Look closely at the input and output examples to see the expected formatting.
